













































Copy of Portal-Milby Games Hub (2017 - Present)


H R  P R O F E S I O N A L  |
R E C R U I T E R   |  B U S I N E S S
P A R T N E R

ISABELLA
TEIXEIRA

Passionate about people and conflict and problem solving. Conscious regarding the
positive impact that the rightly selected and developed team generates in the results
delivered by organizations.
Dinamic profile, easily adaptable to different contexts and cultures. 

ABOUT

Phone: +351 960 22 1920
E-mail: isabellateixeira@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/isabellateixeira/
Porto, Portugal (available to travel and relocate)
Authorized to legally work in Portugal.

CONTACT 

. Teamwork; 

. Conflict Management,

. Results oriented;

. Problem solving;

. Team Management;

. Coaching;

. Specialized Recruitment;

. Recruitment Outsourcing;

. International Recruitment;

. Resilience;

. Hands on profesional;

. Adaptability;

. Processes Implementation;

. Change Management;

. Expenses reduction;

. Strong interpersonal skills;

. Team motivation;

. Green Belt certified;

. Behavioral Profile Analysis -  PPA DISC e Quantum;

. Recruitment Automation.
 

SKILLS

. Portuguese: native;

. Inglês: fluent;

. Spanish intermediate;

. French: beginner.
 
 

LANGUAGES

7 years of solid experience in Human Resources and its subsystems, such as
Recruitment, Compensation and Benefits, Learning and Development and Internal
Consultant.
Strong leadership experience, with focus on processes implementation and
optimization, costs reduction, negotiation, labor law advising and strategic planning. 
Experience in the full Recruitment cycle, being able to conduct behavioral based
interviews and to apply and interpretate behavioral profile analysis.
Capable of identifying the challenges and needs in fast pace companies and  keen to
provide solutions to the business. Strong relationship  with all management
levels,helping them to implement and locally develop the company´s strategy.
Experience in Brazilian and American markets - currently based in Portugal to
conclude a Master in Human Resources Development and Management (post-job
time; able to attend remotely). 
 

PERFIL  PROFISSIONAL

- Support of a  Recruitment Process Outsourcing initiative for the Headquarters of a Global
Non-Profit organization.
  - Help with the realignment of business processes and workflow, allowing for a more
efficient candidate Selection;
 - Responsible for sourcing candidates on a local, regional, national and international basis,
using Recruitment tools, such as Monster and Linkedin.
  - Participating in the interviews, many of them remotely conducted, considering the
Recruitment of foreigners candidates.
 

Vertex Global Solutions (New York- United States) 
April 2013 - August 2013

INTERN |  RECRUITMENT OUTSOURCING

- Master in Human Resources Management and Development -
ISCAP - coursing (able to attend remotely)
 - MBA em Business Management – IBMEC
- Bachelor in Law – Petropolis Catholic University
 
 

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND

PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCES HIGHLIGHTS

-  Business Partner, with the goal to ensure the company´s People strategy  and results
delivery in all stores;
- Team and project management, including overtime and turnover reduction initiatives
(significant financial results) , retention increasing, people evaluation, performance analysis
e people development;
 - Full-cycle Recruitment process drive, including interview strategy and offer process, also
participating in the employer branding strategy development;  
- Participation in the Recruitment process automation;
  - Experience Interview development and implementation, in order to accompany results
and ensure the team´s retention and adherence to the company;
 - Implementation of performance evaluation;
 - Intermediation between the People Department and all other company´s areas.
 

Group 1 Automotive - Multinational Company (São Paulo - Brazil) 
December 2016 - September 2019

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER |  BUSINESS PARTNER

- Construction and review of all company´s Human Resources processes and politics;
- Coordination of Structure, Compensation and Benefits areas,being responsible for all staff
movement in the company; 
 - Automation of staff movement, increasing in 40% the department´s efficiency;
- Coordinating with all recruiters and consultants, in order to plan the career event calendar;
 - Responsible for redefine and work in the full-cycle recruitment processes, working closely
with hiring managers in order to ensure an efficent process;
 - Implementation of the monthly HR KPI report;
 - Use of the Green Belt methodology to ensure continuous improvement management.  

União de Lojas Leader  - Retail Company (Rio de Janeiro- Brazil) 
January 2014 - December 2016

HUMAN RESOURCES COORDINATOR |  ANALYST |  TRAINEE 


